Update governance and community documents to reflect current status (#4049)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/foreword/governance.md

Find details for _The Turing Way_ constitution-level roadmap in [issue #4014](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/4014).

A Steering Committee at this level is composed of chairs, representatives, or leads of Working Groups and projects funded or supported by _The Turing Way_.

Steering Committee members provide advice and ensure accountability for community- and maintenance-level efforts.
They are responsible for escalating project- and community-wide decisions to the constitutional level and participating in the decision-making processes.

They actively engage community members by transparently sharing discussions and outcomes from the constitutional level.
They solicit feedback on decisions (such as, via GitHub issues and newsletters) and approve changes that improve project and community functioning.

Decisions at constitutional level may include the following:
- Providing leadership and strategic directions in the project.
- Applying for core funding, recruiting staff and allocating budget.
- Building clarity around resources available for the maintainers and community members.
- Proposing directions for the community.

> - Process whereby the chair/representatives of the WGs can represent community and WG interests at this level of decision-making.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think this one sticks out - unless I've misunderstood the wording here doesn't describe a decision to be made, so I would suggest to delete this. It's part of the Steering Committee role but that's already covered above

Author: I am not sure what you mean here.

These meetings in 2024 transitioned into a series of community calls, called Community Forums, hosted by project leads where governance-related matters can be openly discussed.
```

#### Community Forums

> Starting in 2024, the project leads host open/public community events called 'Community Forums' to discuss governance-related matters with our community members and anyone who is interested in understanding the community and project management aspects of _The Turing Way_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in 2024, the project delivery team host open/public community events called 'Community Forums' to discuss governance-related matters with our community members and anyone who is interested in understanding the community and project management aspects of _The Turing Way_.
```
